[Music]
today after I bring you along with I
would like a blog in a few days so yeah
actually spring it on I'm just driving
out to a sheet with my proteins daily
which is super exciting it's literally
non-stop rained for a good week now I'm
driving on country roads and I keep
turning on the corner and it was just
like a blooming dream a little road it's
so good and honestly this car has
literally the most reliable thing in my
life for the past ten years ten years
I've had a bit of a nightmare it's
morning so I was on this stuff but I've
been really well this past two days I'm
not gonna mention that one well cuz I
don't to attract any more illness but
I'm just feeling really weak and I'm not
100% but yeah other Stefan I was
sweating away and I'm trying to sweat
everything out I do usually feel better
rather go to the gym and have my loving
earPod my blowing earpods slipped out my
ear and went into the stepper like how
is that even possible
honestly things like they feel like like
yo throwing a football on the steps but
it fully went in the stepper and then I
thought it'd be just an easy job lift
the stack up I'm making it sound like
our resolution separate so the lovely
guys aunty
give me hand underneath this stuff a
machine it's not just like a
how to help panel or something so it's
obviously fallen in that and it's time
to promise things I think I've lost a
singular so we so I'm just at than my
protein shoe and religions from that
group stuff so far off so far and the
boys need to stop just put one problem
have we mention away it's only like
sweet stuff so I've been eating haha I
did order it salad but not really found
seen it so let's go just for my rating
that's coming out in January so yeah
keep how cute is this little room
they've got
[Laughter]
so this vlog has ended up being like a
couple of days and basically because
I've just like had a whirlwind of has
two days I have that really cool and
amazing sheet with my protein which was
so much fun and then I've just launched
my eight-week workout guide and also a
website now I have been working on this
behind the scenes for the longest time
I've put so much into it when such time
on it'd be too much time because I'm the
biggest perfectionist and I wanted to
make sure it was exactly like what I had
in mind from the get-go and I've learned
so much also whilst doing that and I
have so much other like bits and bobs
cannot alongside this and and it's not
gonna be like my only workout guide this
is my first one it's an eight-week one
and basically I didn't want to great
like bring out a workout guide that was
just ought to get your dream physique
get your dream body but more of like am
creating a new lifestyle so you know you
can reach your fitness goals or whatever
goals you have whether that's been to
get leaner or to gain more muscle mass
or saline book maintain you can use it
like to reach those there's so much in
that so yet that is all in the guide I'm
going to do a separate video of sort of
explaining that more in-depth and I'm so
glad to have got it outside I had it
ready for I think it was ready for a
week and I was just putting it off
because I was just I don't know this
needs to be right or needs changed that
and I was just changing such sort of
minor stuff so yeah so that'll be up now
and I'm gonna leave my link in my bio I
also want to say thank you sorry for the
reaction so far I'm so overwhelmed I've
only put it on my Instagram story and my
goodness
I can't explain how thankful I am
thoughts and then next up we are going
to their Manchester Christmas markets
and I'm going to get ready and I'll take
you along with me and Mason a
Christmassy vlog it's the first of
December and
the beginning of my first ever love
maths so dark in here
and so we've decided to come out and we
are going to Manchester Christmas
markets it's a Sunday and the traffic is
absolutely crazy around here I think the
notary's football might a turn-off
something I am so excited I feel like
I've waited for this moment after an
entire year I absolutely absolutely love
going through the food domains or Easter
it looks bigger this year
how long had the Christmas dinner for
wrap oh yeah you've got that I don't get
that last year it didn't really leave an
imprint on my heart and soul I don't
think it was that well I don't remember
it so I can't have been that grandpa
I've got a good feeling about this I've
got a really good feeling for some
reason so and yeah I'm definitely get
something good in chocolate they're
leasing like churros a mulled wine on
water cider and maybe this thing that
Mason's talking about to say always the
second you trend
they look a lot like I've dressed
appropriately but I haven't because I am
I've got like a turtleneck it's so
blowing fit and like a body warmer but
not to worry I've got and I've brought a
gym food world so I can put that over
the top but you know I do this every
time like thinking that I may be seen
for a wall so I've just been thinking
today about a blog - obviously I've
actually missed the first upload and I
can't decide whether I didn't really
understand what it was I didn't do it
last year yeah I think it's log nice is
where you vlog well this is what I was
thinking feels like is it good to be a
vlog or have can it be like a hole or
decided yet so I'll I'll let you know
later on maybe in this video what the
plan is but I just think it's gonna be a
lot of stress like Christmas is my
stressful time either
I don't really yeah exactly yeah I just
thought I left for Christmas I literally
sat editing a video every single day
especially like Christmas even and we're
actually growing to France to Christmas
and and that's buckle up though
we're out in full force today with the
faux fur and the Hat
we've literally just what we've got I
don't even walk into the markets yet and
[Music]
around the whole
so it exactly
Lillian I was absolutely stuffed to the
really lovely food
we popped in to Selfridges kind of meat
around there first we do listen to some
carolers and more food have one with
wine but really nice and so good
Bailey's
we're just going to I can't wait to see
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope you enjoyed it if
you haven't already don't forget to hit
the subscribe button I would love you to
join the fam and I'll see you guys in
the next video